[docs] refine the doc for `train with a script` (#33423)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/run_scripts.md

The [Trainer](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/trainer) supports distributed training and mixed precision, which means you can also use it in a script. To enable both of these features:

> - Add the `fp16` or `bf16` argument to enable mixed precision. Please note that XPU only supports BF16 for mixed precision training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `fp16` or `bf16` argument to enable mixed precision. XPU devices only supports `bf16` for mixed precision training.
```
